pages/chapters/info.md, before:

## Important Links

- [OWASP Policies and Procedures](https://owasp.org/www-policy/)
- [Chapter Policy](https://owasp.org/www-policy/operational/chapters)
- [All Chapter Leaders](/chapters/leaders/)
- [OWASP Meetup](https://owasp.meetup.com)
- [Upcoming OWASP Community Activities](/chapters/events/)
- [List of All Chapters status](https://owasp.org/chapters/status/)
- [Subscribe to OWASP New Mailing List](https://owasp.us17.list-manage.com/subscribe?u=a8012c9e2e384bf8ea8d7deb7&id=22be76c892)
- [Unsubscribe from OWASP Mailing List](https://owasp.us17.list-manage.com/unsubscribe?u=a8012c9e2e384bf8ea8d7deb7&id=2b8a341014)

### NEW Chapter Support Request Tickets

- [Start a New Chapter](https://owasporg.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/8)
- [Add a New Leader](https://owasporg.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/8)
- [Leader stepping down](https://owasporg.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/8)
- [Request a Shared Service](https://owasporg.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/8)
- [Pre-approval of Chapter Expense](https://owasporg.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/8)
  
### OWASP Videos

- [YouTube Video How to create OWASP chapter page](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tEm-YCeQno0)
- [Why should you become an OWASP Member?](https://youtu.be/RrUQYkzdaos)
- [20:20 The History and Future of OWASP presented by Co-Founder Mark Curphey](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5a7LM2PJffo)

* Leaders can contact the [Chapter Committee](mailto:chapter-committee@owasp.org) for additional assistance.

Commit message:

OWASP Global YouTube Channel
https://www.youtube.com/OWASPGlobal

pages/chapters/info.md, after:

## Important Links

- [OWASP Policies and Procedures](https://owasp.org/www-policy/)
- [Chapter Policy](https://owasp.org/www-policy/operational/chapters)
- [All Chapter Leaders](/chapters/leaders/)
- [OWASP Meetup](https://owasp.meetup.com)
- [Upcoming OWASP Community Activities](/chapters/events/)
- [List of All Chapters status](https://owasp.org/chapters/status/)
- [Subscribe to OWASP New Mailing List](https://owasp.us17.list-manage.com/subscribe?u=a8012c9e2e384bf8ea8d7deb7&id=22be76c892)
- [Unsubscribe from OWASP Mailing List](https://owasp.us17.list-manage.com/unsubscribe?u=a8012c9e2e384bf8ea8d7deb7&id=2b8a341014)

### NEW Chapter Support Request Tickets

- [Start a New Chapter](https://owasporg.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/8)
- [Add a New Leader](https://owasporg.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/8)
- [Leader stepping down](https://owasporg.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/8)
- [Request a Shared Service](https://owasporg.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/8)
- [Pre-approval of Chapter Expense](https://owasporg.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/8)
  
### OWASP Videos

- [OWASP Global YouTube Channel with Chapters and Projects](https://www.youtube.com/OWASPGlobal)

- [YouTube Video How to create OWASP chapter page](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tEm-YCeQno0)
- [Why should you become an OWASP Member?](https://youtu.be/RrUQYkzdaos)
- [20:20 The History and Future of OWASP presented by Co-Founder Mark Curphey](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5a7LM2PJffo)

* Leaders can contact the [Chapter Committee](mailto:chapter-committee@owasp.org) for additional assistance.
