---

date: 2023-07-03 00:00:00-0700
categories: blog
author: API Security Project team
author_image: /assets/images/logos/owasp-api-security-top10.jpg
layout: blogpost
title: OWASP API Security Top 10 2023 has been released
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->

---

The OWASP API Security Project has just released an updated version of the OWASP
Top 10 for APIs.

A lot has changed in the field of API Security since the first edition was
published four years ago (2019). Updating the list required us to keep up with
new trends and talk to security experts from different industries to make the
information more accessible to everyone.

The 2023 list is a result of the amazing effort put in by the OWASP community
and project contributors.

<!-- more -->

Here are three new trends from the list:

1. Authorization remains the biggest challenge in API Security. Three out of the
   top five items are related to authorization (access control). Modern
   API-based applications are becoming increasingly complex, with thousands of
   API endpoints and countless parameters. When you add user hierarchies into
   the mix, it becomes a recipe for unpredictable behaviors that may not only
   hurt the system but also organizations' reputation.
2. We've added a new item called "Unrestricted Access to Sensitive Business
   Flows" to address emerging risks like Scalping and Fake Account Creation.
   This trend highlights the importance of not only secure coding but also
   secure planning and design when building a new application.
   With APIs allowing easy access for bots, it's crucial to identify sensitive
   business flows and choose appropriate protection measures.
3. Server Side Request Forgery (SSRF) has been added to the list. 
   While SSRF is not a new vulnerability, it has become more prevalent and
   severe in API-based applications. The popularity of web hooks, for example,
   has made it easier for hackers to exploit SSRF vulnerabilities.
   Furthermore, the management/control REST APIs of Cloud, K8S, and Docker make
   exploitation easier.

If you want to learn more, please check [the project page][1] or the [OWASP API
Security Top 10 website][2].

Thanks,
The OWASP API Security Project team

[1]: https://owasp.org/www-project-api-security/
[2]: https://owasp.org/API-Security/editions/2023/en/0x11-t10/
