pages/careers.md, before:

---

layout: col-generic
title: Careers
permalink: /careers/

---

## Working for the OWASP Foundation

We are vibrant community of developers, technologists, evangelists, and gurus on application security. Founded nearly twenty years ago the OWASP Foundation staff complements and supports our over 45,000 community members to make the web secure. We are a 100% remote team with competitive pay and a great deal of freedom to make a difference. The Foundation offers unlimited vacation and sick leave, a personal technology and home office budget, and health/dental/life insurance for full-time exempt staff. Our current searches are listed below.

<p class="callout-mono right">"Work hard, have fun, and make the web secure."</p>

Transparency is a core value of our community, and you will be expected to have a collaborative and open style of working with others. Your project plans and work product will be [publicly available](/www-staff/) to our community. New hires are governed by our [Employee Handbook](/www-policy/employee/). Only candidates with strong personal initiative and technical aptitude will find success in our high pressure and exciting roles. Great written and online skills needed to successfully collaborate with our team and global membership. 

Principals only, applications are only considered when submitted to the links below.

## Current Searches

### Community Manager

The Community Manager will actively manage and engage our on and offline communities to build global awareness for our mission and work. Each year millions of visitors find useful tools and technical guidance on our website and we aim to convert that interest into active members of our community.

Reporting to the Exeuctive Director, successful candidates will be outgoing with a take-charge attitude and healthy level of "hustle", who will engage with, nurture, and leverage our community connections. This role will be the voice of the Foundation managing communications in various online communities and social networks, while connecting with our current and prospective supporters, leaders, and Members in the global AppSec market. Our community is composed of highly skilled software developers so strong technical skills relating to similar audiences is required. Salary commensurate with experience with published range of $40,000 - $60,000 per year. [Apply Now](https://owasp.wufoo.com/forms/employment-application/def/field18=Community%20Manager){:target='_blank'}

### Marketing Manager

The Marketing Manager will lead and grow global awareness for our mission, work product, and organization. Each year millions of visitors find useful tools and technical guidance on our website and we aim to convert that interest into active members of our community.

Reporting to the Executive Director, this role is directly responsible for the growth and affinity of the OWASP brand as measured by Awareness, well attended conferences, along with web traffic and conversions. Successful candidates will have defined and managed marketing plans and tactics for international trade groups in the technology sector. Salary commensurate with experience with published range of $40,000 - $60,000 per year. [Apply Now](https://owasp.wufoo.com/forms/employment-application/def/field18=Marketing%20Manager){:target='_blank'}

### Technical Manager

The Technical Manager will manage and perform intermediate-level sysadmin, IT, security, and integration coding projects for the Foundation. Several of our projects will offer unique opportunities for advanced integration techniques and visibility into our global InfoSec and developer community.

Reporting to the Director of Products & Technology, this role is responsible for ensuring the Foundation’s managed and hosted infrastructure has high reliability while also building integrations to connect our disparate systems. Experience with GitHub, Salesforce, G-Suite APIs, and web commerce is required for success in this new role. Salary commensurate with experience with published range of $50,000 - $75,000 per year. [Apply Now](https://owasp.wufoo.com/forms/employment-application/def/field18=Technology%20Manager){:target='_blank'}

Commit message:

Close all open jobs
Per Operating Plan 2021

pages/careers.md, after:

---

layout: col-generic
title: Careers
permalink: /careers/

---

## Working for the OWASP Foundation

We are vibrant community of developers, technologists, evangelists, and gurus on application security. Founded nearly twenty years ago the OWASP Foundation staff complements and supports our over 45,000 community members to make the web secure. We are a 100% remote team with competitive pay and a great deal of freedom to make a difference. The Foundation offers unlimited vacation and sick leave, a personal technology and home office budget, and health/dental/life insurance for full-time exempt staff. Our current searches are listed below.

<p class="callout-mono right">"Work hard, have fun, and make the web secure."</p>

Transparency is a core value of our community, and you will be expected to have a collaborative and open style of working with others. Your project plans and work product will be [publicly available](/www-staff/) to our community. New hires are governed by our [Employee Handbook](/www-policy/employee/). Only candidates with strong personal initiative and technical aptitude will find success in our high pressure and exciting roles. Great written and online skills needed to successfully collaborate with our team and global membership. 

Principals only, applications are only considered when submitted to the links below.

## Current Searches

We currently do not have any open positions. We look forward to being able to hire again shortly. 

Please follow the [OWASP Foundation Careers at Linked In](https://www.linkedin.com/company/owasp/jobs/){:rel="noopener" target="_blank"} to be notified about future careers.
