---

date: 2020-12-17
author: Alonna Stock
author_image: /assets/images/people/staff_alonna.jpg
layout: blogpost
title: "2021 Call for Trainings Is Now Open!"
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->

---



Calling all AppSec Community Trainers, OWASP Foundation is planning a global line-up of Virtual Training throughout 2021. We invite you to submit your training proposals by January 8th. 

<!--more-->

The OWASP Foundation is formally issuing a call for Trainers, opening December 14th,  2020, and running through January 8th, 2021.

Virtual courses are offered in a set format for ease of consumption by participants. Trainers who wish to submit 8-hour virtual training courses are welcome to submit, and we will run these in 4-hour blocks over two days. 

In each submission, please select timezones you're prepared to present your training so we can be geographically inclusive. We will group selected training courses by regional timezones to offer more opportunities to our global community.

Course dates are as follows:
Tuesday - Wednesday

- March 9-10, 2021
- May 25-26, 2021
- June 15-16, 2021
- July 20-21, 2021
- September 7-8, 2021
- November 16-17, 2021

We will accept up to 10 training classes per event.

## CALL FOR TRAINERS (CfT) & SUBMISSION

Trainers can apply to give courses during any of the events. Trainers are allowed to make multiple submissions. We will not be repeating training courses between events. The training audience will include developers interested in security as well as security professionals.

We are looking for training courses at all levels, from someone new to the application security field to advanced topics for experienced professionals. However, all training submissions should focus on practical skills that are immediately applicable to an attendee's job. Training submissions should have a significant hands-on element with tasks and exercises for attendees to attempt during the training.

It is highly encouraged for trainers to have previous virtual training experience.

Be sure to submit today and [read more about the events here](https://owasp.submittable.com/submit/181232/2021-virtual-appsec-days-training-events).
